In this video we're going to go through and do a code review of the project.
We're going to be using to set up for using spring rest stock.
So let's go in and start taking a look at some of what this project does.
And if you're in my micro services course this is essentially the beer service that we're doing the
live coating on.
So it's really just a snap of that project but this section of the course is going to be reused a couple
of different spots.
So if you're not doing that live coding assignment and not in the micro services course please pay attention
here we'll go through this.
But if you've been doing live coding you might want to go ahead and skip because this would be very
very familiar to you.
So what we have here is a new project and we are on Java eleven in this project and the Spring Boot
2 1 5 that is the latest release.
We should have Spring Boot to that too.
Coming up very soon.
And in this it's a pretty simple project.
We have spring good starter web JPA and we're just using H2 right now.
The X mill buying stuff that is needed for Java lemons since that is no longer included.
We have project Lombok in this project and then we also have map stroke to help us out with the mappings.
And down here on line sixty seven and C1 bring in the Spring Boot starter test and I'm excluding explicitly
J Unit 4 and I'm bringing in June 5.
So I think Spring Boot to that too is going to be moving a J at 5 I know they had some things that were
stopping them but hopefully the next couple months I get that all worked out and we'll be on at 5 going
forward with Spring Boot.
But here I'm explicitly go into J.
Unit 5 in this project.
And then finally here what's going on here is we have the standard Spring Boot maven plug in and then
the compiler plug in because I'm using map struck and project Lombok together.
This is the configuration to get these two working together because they're they both provide us code
and that code is generated through annotation processing.
So this is a configuration get these two projects working together and they actually work together quite
nicely.
So let's go in and start taking a look at the source code for this I mean open up the Java and we will
go from the bottom up.
So we have a domain class very simple we're dealing with a Beer's here.
So we have a UID for it a version timestamps beer name beer style UPC price minimum on hand and quiet
as Bruce just mentioned attributes about that.
And then you can see this is set up for JPA so we are persisting to a relational database on this.
We are using spring data JPA so I have a paging and sorting repository setup and then the implementation
of this is going to be generated by spring data JPA for us.
And then one thing that we are doing is we're going to initialize the database.
So we have our bootstrap package and I'm calling it a beer loader that implements the command line runner.
And that's going to take on a beer repository.
And this is just going to load up two beers and these are a couple of beers from a microbrewery near
me.
Don't drink mango Bob's very much but I do enjoy glass.
That is one of my favorite microbrewery beers from here in St. Petersburg Florida.
Now coming up from this we are going to have a beer model.
This is the the data that is gonna be shared with the API clients.
So we have a data transfer object you can see this is annotated with Project Lombok and a variety of
constraints are set up on it.
We have a page list.
So this is going to implement standard spring framework paging mechanisms.
Then we have an enumeration for the different types of beers that are going to be flowing through us
and here we have our mappings.
So this is a standard map struct mapper.
So this is going to declare that the map structure is going to provide the implementation for this.
And then finally we have a date mapper because in the database we are using Java Java ask l timestamps
and then on the one tier we're using an offset date in time.
So we have to convert between these and this is the class that does that conversion and it works in
conjunction with map start.
So let's go in and take a look at the controller now so that we have a beer controller and press implementation
of the controller.
Now in this case a lot of people ask if you really need a service layer here.
I'm now using a service I'm utilizing the repository directly.
Typically I do implement a service layer but this is a really really simple example.
Primarily this project is for demonstrating documentation.
So we're going to be setting up the rest docs in this documentation.
So this is perfectly fine for our needs.
So this is our controller and then let's go into the test and we can see that we have a spring web MVC
test in that we are auto wiring in mock NBC.
We're doing a component scan to bring in the maps and then we are marking the beer repository because
in this test we don't wanna be bringing up the database layer when this just bring up the Web layer.
So that's perfectly good for our needs.
And you could see that we have three test here and what we are going to do is will enhance these test
with the documentation capabilities of spring rust back but that's going to be coming up in the course
so coming up in the course what we're going to need to do is obviously add in the dependencies for spring
Rostock.
Then we'll have to configure maven to support spring Rostock setup some of the infrastructure for it
and whatnot and then we can enhance our test to start generating spring rest the documentation that
going forward this is the project that we will be using to do all that with spring rust out.